You are so clean
Why doesn't Shen Tinglang want it?
you
Shen Tinglang is so high up that I can't afford to be offended and hide
And so forth.
If you can't seduce Mr. Shen, you want to leave
Not so easy
What do you want?
Apologize to Manman, of course.
If it weren't for you
Just now, Mr. Shen agreed to Manman's invitation
Well, Shen Tinglan told you
You are not afraid to tell me
Listen to the announcement of the Arashi Club later. Universal Group
Collaboration with Manman Film and Television
In the future, we will have more opportunities to get along day and night
Well, it's just garbage that can't be on the table
A mistress who interferes with other people's feelings
If I were his parents, I would have left him long ago
Hmph, his parents are long dead
No wonder it's so shameless
Don't apologize
Now let me announce
Regarding this season's new collaborators
Asahi, look at how you humiliate yourself
Please come on stage
Miss Xu Xi